README.md, before:

## Hi! I'm Ryan

I am currently working as a Quantitative Analyst at Wells Fargo, primarily
focusing on risk model research, development, maintenance, and monitoring. In
much of my free time, I work on mathematical, statistical, and programming
hobby projects.

### Some Projects

Feel free to look through my repositories list (many are private), but I've
linked some projects in the images below!

[![Steganography illustration](images/Steganography_200px.png)](https://github.com/ragibson/Steganography)
[![ModularityPruning illustration](images/ModularityPruning_200px.png)](https://github.com/ragibson/ModularityPruning)
[![FPGA-Asteroids illustration](images/FPGA-Asteroids_200px.png)](https://github.com/ragibson/FPGA-Asteroids)
[![DRRRT-motion-planning illustration](images/DRRRT-motion-planning_200px.png)](https://github.com/ragibson/DRRRT-motion-planning)

### Some of My Interests

In university, my education was in Pure Mathematics and Computer Science with
research interests including
 - 🕸️ Network Science
 - 🚅 High Performance Computing
 - 🔐 Cybersecurity
 - 💽 Operating Systems
 - 🔋 Microarchitecture

More recently, I've been additionally interested in
 - 🤖 Machine Learning
 - 🧮 Numerical Analysis

Commit message:

Add invitation to reach out and tweak additional interest language

README.md, after:

## Hi! I'm Ryan

I am currently working as a Quantitative Analyst at Wells Fargo, primarily
focusing on risk model research, development, maintenance, and monitoring. In
much of my free time, I work on mathematical, statistical, and programming
hobby projects.

Feel free to reach out with any questions, comments, or ideas and I'll try to
respond reasonably quickly!

### Some Projects

Feel free to look through my repositories list (many are private), but I've
linked some projects in the images below!

[![Steganography illustration](images/Steganography_200px.png)](https://github.com/ragibson/Steganography)
[![ModularityPruning illustration](images/ModularityPruning_200px.png)](https://github.com/ragibson/ModularityPruning)
[![FPGA-Asteroids illustration](images/FPGA-Asteroids_200px.png)](https://github.com/ragibson/FPGA-Asteroids)
[![DRRRT-motion-planning illustration](images/DRRRT-motion-planning_200px.png)](https://github.com/ragibson/DRRRT-motion-planning)

### Some of My Interests

In university, my education was in Pure Mathematics and Computer Science with
research interests including
 - 🕸️ Network Science
 - 🚅 High Performance Computing
 - 🔐 Cybersecurity
 - 💽 Operating Systems
 - 🔋 Microarchitecture

More recently, I've been additionally working on
 - 🤖 Machine Learning
 - 🧮 Numerical Analysis
